It's the future. Humanity has long colonised mars, developed feasible interstellar travel technology and lots of cool stuff, like a 3-button computer mouse with no LED-s.

Now humanity is working on creating colonies in different solar systems in the galaxy - one such colony, named Fak贸s (greek: "Lens") an numbered HFC-A14 (Human Far Colony, sector A, number 14) has been established in June, year 2301. The mission was established primarly as an precise observatory for other galaxies and solar systems. The crew of the mission comprised o 47 people, main crew of engineers and scientists was consisting of 8 people, the rest taking care of the buildings, infrastructure, plant growth, oxygen and water subsystems etc. All was going well, earth was expecting some first images of the Milky Way from the Fak贸s in a few weeks. But these have never arrived.

Suddenly in February 2305 all communication with the far colony has been lost. The only broadcast that is still being recieved - is a daily ping signal, that has been started when the colony was founded. This means that the core energy and emergency system of the colony is operational at least at some level, however for some reason the crew was unable to communicate anything else with the outside world. Probable causes are a computer system breakdown, energy crisis or environmental difficulties, or a mutiny.

An emergency mission was sent to Fakos, you are a part of the 30-people crew. You have been prepared to restore the colony to a fully operational state, regardless of the current situation.

After a few good months of kriogenic travel you have arrived in the far sola system. No communications could be established with the colony, even from the orbit. However - soon afte tou've reached the orbit, something blew up, and the spacecraft was force to land on the planet in a big rush, without any preparations being made.

unfa's tip: it was aliens shoting them down, so they won't have a chance to attack.

The ship approaches a semi-secure landing near the Fak贸s structures, when something else has blew up, injuring a few from the crew. The rescure mission has had a very bad landing.

You wake up from a deep sleep in your cell. Your body hurts like you've been beaten up yesterday or something. You reach for the painkillers. Then you hear a human scream. You're scared. What is going on? I was expecting to wake up before landing, why am I late? You walk out of your cell to see what's goin on with the ship. it doens't loook good.

Blah blah blah - you go to pick up your weapon, and prepare to fend off whoever attacked this colony.
It's time to kick some ass.

You drop from the ship into the Fak贸s base - which is in terrible condition, all rusted and devastated with rotting human corpses laying here and there. You recognise suits of the colony team. Whatever happened here didn't happen yesterday.

Act 1: The Surface
You discover a shredded colony, and kill aliens who invaded it and massacred your collegues.

Act 2: The Underground
You discover the aliens have an outpost built under the human structures - where they still reside in big amounts. Kill em' all!

Act 3: The Core
You get the the center of the alien base and travel to their home planet through a portal to kick their ass or die!



